Hello English learners. Welcome back to English Pod. My name is Marco.
And my name is Katherine and today Marco and I get to share with you the thrilling conclusion
to the, well, very popular. I must say series. I'm sorry. I love you.
That's right. Today is the finale, the final episode. Episode 10. This is where it all ends.
So what do you think is going to happen? If I guess you're just going to get angry at me because I
actually know how it ends, but let's just say I hope that it ends well for protagonists.
There was a lot of controversy around it because, you know, I wanted to know if people wanted
a happy ending, a sad ending, unexpected. I guess everyone wants a happy ending, right?
Absolutely. So we're going to, well, keep our fingers crossed for Steven and Veronica.
And check out this dialogue one time.
Steven, good to see you, brother. How are you? How was your trip?
It was fine. I've been better, but it's great to be home. I've missed you all. How's mom?
She's great. All she ever does is talk about you, or little boy,
that event of the United States. You're her pride and joy. You know that.
Can't wait to see her. You? What's new with you?
Well, Nisha and I are expecting. You'll have another nephew, our niece soon.
That's great. Wow. Congrats. You two are great together, you know. You have such a beautiful family.
I hope that one day I can have that. Of course, man. Come on. I mean, everything was said here
for you to marry Shalini. You know, she is still planning after you. I don't think she'll ever get over
talking about. I hardly knew her. How could she be in love with me? I couldn't go through with it,
even though she is a great woman. No, I left my hard night at the States.
I just hope Veronica is happy. Get over it. You're home now. Everyone here thinks so highly of you.
They'll be girls trying themselves at you. You can marry anyone you want. I don't want to marry anyone.
I want to marry her. Don't you understand? You are incorrigible.
See you, man. My baby, how warm are you? I miss you so much.
You, um, great to see you. You look so thin. Did endosamericans feed you? Come, come.
Let's have some time. By the way, there is a girl here waiting for you.
Hi, Steven. Veronica, how did you get here? How do you know where I live?
I waited for you at the airport, but you never showed. I also have some little secrets that I haven't told you about,
but we can discuss that later. I realized that I was just scared. Scared of how much I love you
and of the commitment that marriage requires. I'm here now. Now, there's something I want to ask you.
Steven, will you marry me?
I now declare you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.
Oh, you got married. We got married. I got married. Wow, I should have called my mom.
Not only did you get married, but you got married. Bali would start with Bali music and
everything. Those weddings are like four days long. I hope you enjoyed the finale of this story.
Absolutely. I was glad to see that it was a happy ending. I have to say that if it had been a
sad ending, I would have been a little bit disappointed because, well, Veronica and I
you get along. We get along. All right. So apart from this happy ending and this happy finale that we had,
we did look at a lot of great words and phrases. So why don't we start now with language takeaway?
Language takeaway. So the first couple of phrases I want to talk about here have to do with maybe
catching up and talking about family or gossip because we're talking to family members.
In the end family, we haven't seen for a long time. The first thing he's talking to his brother
about his brother and his wife. So Gulam and Nisha are expecting we find out.
Right, they're expecting. So I've Gulam and Nisha are expecting. What does that mean?
Exactly. They're expecting a letter. Expecting a baby maybe?
Ah, yeah. So here we go. I'm expecting is very common English way of saying,
I'm going to have a baby. I'm pregnant. All right. So don't get this confused.
If somebody says, oh, well, I'm expecting. You don't have to say expecting what?
Exactly. When it's only expecting when it's not a thing afterwards,
I'm expecting means I'm pregnant or she's expecting. She's going to have a baby.
So they are expecting a baby or they're expecting. Well, and they were talking about, well,
so Steven, he was supposed to get married in India and his brother said a very
interesting where he said, well, these girls are still, this girl is still pining over you.
So the Shalini, some girl that Steven used to know when he was living in India, she's pining
after you. Well, pine has many different meanings. Right. But in this sense, we're talking about
having a crush on or being in love with. And also it's a way of saying that you are that you
desire you yearn for this person very, very much. But that you don't have them. Right. You want them.
You want them. So you're pining over this person. Now can you pine over an object?
No. No. Usually it's maybe related to love or to a person, right?
Yeah. So she stands by the door every day, waiting the letter that doesn't come. She's pining away
for her dear love, Thomas or whatever. And you know what I read recently is that people can get
addicted to pining. Really? Yeah. After a breakup, maybe you can pine after a person not because
you miss them or you want to put you kind of grow a custom to it and you become addicted to this
pain that's kind of pleasurable. There is a way to describe this. It's called Petrarchin Love.
Well, it's this kind of traditional idea in poetry where you have a love that's never
consummated. It's never filled. You never get to be with the person that you love that you desire.
And so it's a way, yeah. It's a way of distinguishing the two different kinds of love. One
where you're with the person and the other where you always want them, but you can never have them.
Well, but hopefully none of our listeners are pining over anyone or get to experience that,
huh? Exactly. But if you do pine away or if you pine after someone,
you have to hope that one day you'll get over that person. Yeah. You have to get over it. And that's what
his brother says, hey, get over it. I don't think she'll ever get over you. So what does it mean
when you're supposed to get over someone? Okay. This is a good question because, you know,
we're talking here not about actually getting up on top of a fence or a wall. We're talking
about emotions. So getting over someone, so I have to get over him means that I have to stop
feeling so sad about what what happened, right? Because usually you say this when someone's
sad or angry. And also it kind of means that you have to forget or let that person go, you know,
like, get over it. We're going to move on here too. It's the last word in today's language
takeaway, which is incorrigible. Okay. An incorrigible person. All right. In incorrigible. What could
this mean? Well, let's look at the sentence where we find it. You are incorrigible. Mm-hmm.
Gulam says this to Stephen. Right. So it's an adjective and basically means that you have no
correction of some sort. Or there's an argument between Stephen and Gulam. So their brothers
and Stephen says, I don't want to get married. I don't want to marry her. Uh, he's complaining in
his brother says, you are incorrigible. You just won't stop. Right. So someone's, someone's feelings,
their emotions, their ideas about something. They just can't be changed or altered. They're fixed.
You know, this guy, he's like, I'm not going to get married and his brother says,
you're incorrigible. I just can't change your mind. It's kind of like being stubborn. Yeah,
exactly. And we hear this phrase a lot together. So you're incorrigible. Right. So this is often just
kind of a, it's a, it's not an insult, but it's a way for us to kind of be sarcastic or to make fun of
someone. Mm-hmm. You're incorrigible, Marco. Yeah. You usually say when you're like, you know,
you're being nice. All right. Mm-hmm. Okay. Cool. So five great words in language take away today.
And well, before we move on and listen to the dialogue, again, why don't we take a look at
fluency builder? Fluency builder. All right. This first phrase is something that parents often use
and grandparents as well, because obviously, parents and grandparents are very proud of their
children and grandchildren. So they describe something as being their pride and joy.
Mm-hmm. My pride and joy. So it's usually a person that's your pride and joy. It could be a thing, too.
It could be a thing. His Porsche Boxster is his pride and joy. He goes out every morning and he washes it.
He changes the oil. He checks the gas. He checks the tire. So it's his pride and joy. All right.
It's his most valued possession. So it always goes together, right? My pride and joy.
Pride and joy. Yeah. Just think of it as a phrase. Pride and joy. All right. So
I'm my mother's pride and joy. I think you are. Mm-hmm. All right. So you know how my mom
all right. So somebody's pride and joy. So now in another phrase that we took a look at and it's a
way of making conversation especially with a person that you haven't seen in a while. He said,
hey, what's new with you? What's new with you? Uh-huh. What's new with you? All right. So this
might sound a little strange because normally we say, how have you been? It's been a long time. How are you?
But this is like, you know, it's a fluency builder phrase. So it's very colloquial. It's very spoken language.
So this you hear often between friends or family members. Hey, Marco, what's new with you?
So how do you, I would answer this by saying, oh, well, not much or, uh, I just bought a new house.
So basically you're asking for news. Yeah. I haven't seen you in a long time. You look,
you look happy and healthy. So what's new with you? Oh, I got married. I got a new car. Mm-hmm.
These things that you can say these are changes in my life. All right. And usually after somebody
asks you, what's new with you? You say something and then you usually would follow up and ask that
person as well, right? What's new? And what's new with you? Exactly. So, you know, I got an
in house, got a new job. What's new with you? Yeah. Or what about you? What about you? So it's a nice,
very relaxed, informal way of asking someone for news in their life. Perfect. All right. What's new with you?
What else? Now he was supposed to get married, right? Right. So this is news. He was supposed to get
married. He didn't get married. What's going on? His brother, his mother, they all want to know
what's going on. And we find out that wedding, that girl, he just couldn't go through with it.
Mm-hmm. So I can't, I couldn't go through with it. Okay. There's past tense. So he's saying,
before I came to India with this girl, I couldn't go through with it. Mm-hmm. So present
would be, I can't go through with it. Mm-hmm. And going through with what? Here. We've got it.
So this kind of magical, strange word. It, what it, what could this be? So basically, what he's saying
is that he couldn't complete or maybe finish something that he started, right? So in this case,
we're talking about a relationship or marriage. So maybe we love each other, but I couldn't go through with it.
I couldn't go to the finish line. Mm-hmm. Right. I couldn't get married. You see that a lot when
maybe in movies, two people are supposed to get married. They're at the altar. And all of a sudden,
the bride says, I can't, or she goes away crying. I can't go through with it. Exactly. Right.
So because she loves somebody else, so can't go through with it. Mm-hmm. Great. So really good
phrase. I can't go through with it. He couldn't go through with it. And we find out that, well,
not such a bad thing. Steven, he's very popular in India. The girls love him. We've got a great phrase,
but it's describing having lots of girls who love you. Right. He says, there will be girls
throwing themselves at you. Literally like, oh, that might happen. I can't imagine that. Like,
just somebody throwing themselves at you? No. It's not literal. It's basically saying girls are very
interested in you. Girls are so interested in you that they'll be chasing you almost. All right.
So many, many girls, they will follow you. They'll want to be in a relationship with you. They like you.
So he's saying, listen, there are other girls. Don't worry. Girls hear, they love you.
And it doesn't only work with girls, right? I can say they'll be boys throwing themselves at you.
Right. So this is something we say about both genders, boys and girls. You can say, oh, God,
all the boys were throwing themselves at her. I'm so jealous. Right. So, but it's only basically
in a loving way, right? It can't be anything else. Like, somebody's chasing you for other reasons.
Now, this is saying that they have crushes. They have feelings. They want to be romantic. It's not
like a, it's not a bad thing, but sometimes it's too much attention. So it can be kind of negative.
Yeah. All right. Well, interesting phrases on Fluency Builder today. I think it's time for us to
listen to this dialogue for one last time. Get up and dance. Yeah. Get up and dance and we'll be back in a
little bit.
Steven, good to see you, brother. How are you? How was your trip? It was fine. I've been better,
but it's a great to be home. I've missed you all. How's mom? She's great. All she ever does is talk
about you or little boy that have empty United States. You're her pride and joy. You know that.
Can't wait to see you. You, what's new with you? Well, Nisha and I are expecting.
You'll have another nephew, our niece soon. That's great. Wow. Congrats to a great together.
You know, it's such a beautiful family. I hope that one day I can have that. Of course, man. Come on.
I mean, everything was set here for you to marry Shalini. You know, she is still planning
after you. I don't think she'll ever get over you. What are you talking about? I hardly knew her.
How could she be in love with me? I can go through with it even though she is a great woman.
No, I left my heart in the United States. I just hope Veronica is happy. Get over it. You're home now.
Everyone here thinks so highly of you. They'll be girls trying themselves at you. You can marry anyone you want.
I don't want to marry anyone. I want to marry her. Don't you understand? You are incorrigible.
See you then. My baby, how warm are you? I miss you so much. You are great to see you.
You look so thin. They didn't do some American speed you. Come, come. Let's have some time.
By the way, there is a girl here waiting for you. Hi, Steven. Veronica, how did you get here?
How do you know where I live? I waited for you at the airport, but you never showed.
I also have some little secrets that I haven't told you about, but we can discuss that later.
I realized that I was just scared, scared of how much I love you and
of the commitment that marriage requires. I'm here now. Now, there's something I want to ask you. Steven,
will you marry me?
I now declare you husband and wife. You may kiss to her.
All right, so it's over.
Sad, sad but sweet. Sad but sweet. We went from them meeting casually by a bike accident.
Yeah, we had nice music. Then it turned out that she was angry. They kind of broke up.
They got back together. He was being strained with all of these secret trips to save people.
It's uh, it was interesting. We went a lot of different ways people. She was pregnant. She wasn't
really pregnant. The doctor was stalking the doctor. He's in the secret service. It was an
interesting ride. Very interesting. Well, now we need to think of a new drama, a new soap opera
or novel. So we need your input. Maybe we should open it up. What did you like? What didn't
you like? And what kind of genre are you interested in? Because you know there's tons of different
kinds of stories we could tell. Right, maybe we can do something scary, like a thriller or horror.
I'm a big fan of sci-fi. Or sci-fi, maybe we can do something sci-fi.
Maybe we can do a comedy, something maybe like friends. I don't know. That'd be kind of cute.
Yeah, it could be. All right. So listeners, why don't you give us your input? We need your
feedback tell us. What series you would like next? What type of series? Maybe like we said drama,
sci-fi, action. What would you like? And please get in touch with us, leave comments and
questions that are website EnglishPod.com. We'd like to check those and answer you. So yeah,
get in touch with us and have a great day. All right. We'll see you guys there. Bye.